via the android card store light
car toyota corolla
here until 2013 such mannitol
touched
toyota corolla areas here by color
the panels are made all mean on the most
Vandov this device is
8 "screen capacitive screen viz.
you can not only he big he still
no one will look like on the phones and
tablets of the same quality and level
small screen that is very high quality yes
this is what we do multitouch like
see here works quite interesting
for a car, there is a solution such that
You can map there and generally photos
look through the rest of the treasury
using multitouch here program needle
Navitel you installed when selling
may additionally install any
monthly apps and google play on
matching using the market can
Put different, that is, in the program here
what else can we do here ?
to go easy on the Internet there have
specially wireless connection
used here either the wifi catches
flight either 3g
this case is not connected the Internet well,
this profile does not take much
time from that brief
so here
connection to the internet no questions
does not occur and either wi-fi or 3g
authorities use well, respectively
use all the services of the city
guide to coast cork, etc. and
Yandex bluetooth plugs here so jim
The parties are certainly convenient, that is, if
you can
the law does not lose and people built
music pro decanter you can
install the player from the market
accordingly also different there
options here respectively so on
the player who is such a well
like more comfortable and there
player and they basically have
of a different kind therefore it is already
The android is good in general, then it is more
flexibly supply fall here too
the producer conceived a great-granddaughter
here are these main widgets and well
accordingly, you can immediately on three
beautifully either as a mode on now
here of course you can in the radio yes you can
here is the night radio interface to use
such here but the interface is muted one hundred
time a vocal and turn off screen time on
full brightness turned on
beat purity yes here well same here and
puts built in there that is you can
You can adjust some to
With playmarket advertising savages but this already
as if for music lovers more than a hundred in
principle itself the system says not
God and that is better than regular
most cars are not concerned
Only Toyota in general, and all
the rest of the cars too
respectively here is a lesbian here and
bred behind the console there three times or
two ordinary windows in the factory to do the
there is in this case 3 and beaten there
one is transferable what other destination
the third and the third before connecting usb and
through 9 the government will be able to 9 ruler
run here like we still further
the disc does not have to
Here can drive with print Murom everywhere
because it seems to be
check files from and surplus right from
flash drives that is very convenient and the same thing
such here especially for those who want
then we still put omnices
by the way there are also head restraints
So you can then means the sound passed
through the portal omniks are also very useful
Now the sound is gone because everything because
that he went to the headrest system
gone with you again here we are not
him you in the grain back so not
is paying this device
we have available also available
other devices are cool style
resistive displays please
contact our email address
accordingly can be purchased from us
Petersburg device can order it
all around Russia
shipment by Russian regions with us
carried out free of charge with regional
Buyers can also be put
some tracks for installing ditches
there are other things
alarms and so on that invite
shops located on the waterfront
bypass channel 21 note we are not
we limit ourselves to ordering him not
please do not talk with us
official representatives
Pripyat I karate which now on
today make one of the most
better convenient devices of this filter
was seen at the exhibition